Portal is lit with flint and soulsteel (flint and netherite), an item which creates soulfire

Golden Oak now has its own refined wood. Still crafts into Skyroot Sticks. 

Pink Aerclouds generate but are purely decorative.

Cockatrice now spit venom instead of firing darts, similar to llama spit, which inflicts the venom mob effect, which deals damage and disables eating 

Aechor Plant darts now inflict confusion, which messes with mobility

Holy Cows now drop Silverhide, which can be crafted into low-tier armor

Pegasuses spawn and are the best early-game mount

Banejo Shrines now generate - bathhouses with hot springs which heal the player. Crude Meld can be found here.

Dungeons are now locked and require their respective keys to open.

Bronze Key - obtained by enchanting Crude Meld
Silver Key - obtained by defeating the Slider
Gold Key - obtained by defeating the Valkyrie Queen
Platinum Key - obtained by defeating the Sun Spirit

Bosses now drop loot bags. These contain the loot originally found in locked dungeon chests, in addition to books of new enchantments.

New enchantments:
    Homing - Projectiles home in on nearest entity, can be applied to dart shooters and tridents.
    Slider Dash - Grants the wielder the ability to dash through the air, with distance based on tier, can be applied to pickaxes, also usable in offhand.

Sun Rays spawn flying around Gold Dungeon. Drop blaze rods, makes potion making more accessable in the Aether.
In addition, quicksoil glass can be used to make bottles.

Gold Dungeon is now only accessible through top of island - use cloud parachute to float down.

Sun Spirit redesign:
    Battle is initiated by angering the Sun Spirit as per original. 
    Once battle has begun, Sun Spirit will lob flame projectiles at player. 
    Eventually, an ice projectile will appear, and if deflected back, Sun Spirit will become stunned, and now the player may attack.
    When coming to, the Sun Spirit will summon two mini helper spirits to attack the player.
    At 1/3 health, Sun Spirit will begin setting parts of the arena on fire.
    Once defeated, all fire in room is extinguished, and night falls.

Umbrella to prevent Phoenix armor extinguishing during rain.

Overhauled armor classes:
    Neptune armor can be crafted by combining gravitite armor with ocean stuff
    Phoenix armor can be crafted by placing Phoenix Feathers around a piece of Netherite armor Phoenix bow crafted with 3 Netherite Ingots and 4 Phoenix Feathers around a bow.
    Valkyrie armor can be crafted by surroundng Silverhide armor in Valkryian Ingots and Golden Feathers.

--------------Post-Sun Spirit--------------
Night mobs:
	Tempest - fires projectiles which create lightning where they land
	
	Voltjelly - giant glowing jellyfish which electroshock any entity they collide with

Crystal trees only generate after the Sun Spirit has been extinguished 

Aerwhale mounts:
    Aerwhales can be tamed with White Apples
    By crafting

Platinum boss:
    Monsoon - lightning god
	
 